# AccuSure
Data mining is used to examines and unearths important information from a massive collection of data. This can be further helpful in exploratory and illustration out patterns for making intelligent business-related decisions. One of the most threatening in medical domain is heart disease, which occurs instantly when its limitations are reached. Machine learning plays a vital role in disease prediction Rajathi N et al,. Cardiovascular disease generally refers to narrowed or blocked blood vessels, which can also lead to heart attack, chest pain or stroke. In general, blood pressure, cholesterol and pulse rate are the main reasons for a heart attack. Heart attack is the main heart disease

Cardio Heart diseases (CHDs) are the most common explanation for global death. It is estimated that 17.9 million die annually. Heart attacks- once characterized as a part of “the old man’s disease” but in this era it can causes for more young people. The heart attack occurs when the coronary arteries become blocked. It causes a serious attack when one or more coronary arteries become blocked. Bad clinical results would be the doorway in the death of a patient. A computer-based support system can be developed to make a good decision in order to achieve correct and cost-effective treatment. Most of the hospitals maintains their patient data in the form of images, texts and numbers using database systems. This data contains much of the hidden information that has not yet explored, which are useful to make right decisions. Therefore, there is a need to develop an excellent system to help the practitioners to predict heart disease before it occurs. This paper mainly concentrates on the prediction of heart disease considering the past heart disease database records

## About AccuSure

The rapidly growing field of data analysis plays a significant role in healthcare. The healthcare industry has become big business. The healthcare sector produces enormous amounts of data every day. This data helps to extract the hidden information, which is useful to predict disease at the earlier. In medical field, predicting heart disease is treated as one of the intricate tasks. Therefore, there is a necessity to develop a decision support system to forecast the cardio vascular disease in a patient. Machine learning plays a vital part in disease prediction. In this poject, various machine learning methods were used to predict the heart disease and their performances were compared. The results obtained show the superiority of the Random forest algorithm.
